Being a fairly devout Catholic and Christian and having been hospitalized a few times due to neurological imbalances, I can see how the reality of possession is feasible. 

In Uni, I was taught that scientific rationalism is an approach 

As I've entered my computer science studies, I'll admit that I've become more convinced of the weight of evidence.

The phenomena (or living experience) of someone who is psychically fragile or partially fragmented is well beyond the scopes of evolutionary biology and every day common experience alike. I felt that I was traversing ascended planes of existence, moving in alignment with the weather and our planet.

While The Shining is perhaps the most secular perspective on mental illness, there's something to be said for the ferocity of religious anti-symbolism in The Exorcist. Coming from the former secular approach, it truly behooves said viewer to examine the confines of their ability to wear another's shoes. 
(reactions)

Jordan Peterson receives a lot of flack from fairly standard social theorists but their reproach often miss a great deal of the complex layers embedded in his perspective, (just as Judith Butler's fairly brilliant exegesis on performativity of our daily order is swept under the rug by those wary of feminist and LGBT protests to Peterson's lectures [footage of banging]). However, what they miss is a very crucial core of his ideals, tempered as they seem to be in a long academic and professional career as a psychologist and therapist: we can identify in even on an atomic scale (Witt) with the person or people that we find the most morally reprehensible. 

This is not too entirely different from Thich Nhat Hanh's appeal.
He's a Jungian. 

As such, when I hear my sister laughing at the film, I wish she would sit with it a few times and then consider the impact the film had on our 1973 society. Sometimes examing another person's outrage is the gateway to empathizing, even if we disagree with their philosophical outlook. 